Mom is in the contrib directory of the official groff cvs, which
means that building groff from sources automatically installs mom
and her documentation.  Official releases of groff therefore also
include the version of mom current at the time of the groff release.

The contrib directory will be kept up-to-date, however it may not
be desireable to checkout or update from the groff repository just
to test/use a new release of mom.  Consequently, I'll be keeping a
separate (updated) mom gzipped tarball posted on mom's web page
(http://www.schaffter.ca/mom/mom-01.html).

If you're reading this, you've obtained your copy of mom from her web
page, and should follow these simple installation procedures.

If you have superuser priviledges:
---------------------------------

Copy or move the file om.tmac to a legal groff macro (tmac) directory.
On a Debian box, a good choice is

    /usr/share/groff/site-tmac

although other in GNU/Linux distros, another tmac directory may be
more appropriate.  If you're not sure, do

    locate tmac

to find an appropriate directory.

If you already have a version of mom on your system that came with
groff, you may wish to keep your old version of om.tmac.  In that case,
I suggest renaming your original om.tmac to om.tmac.orig, and making
om.tmac a symlink to the newer version.  Should you wish to revert
to the original, remove the symlink and rename om.tmac.orig back to
om.tmac.

If you want mom available to everyone on your system, make sure both
user and group are root, and the file permissions are set to 444
or 644.

Alternatively:
-------------

An easy alternative is simply to put the new version of om.tmac in
your home directory.  Provided that you don't have a
GROFF_TMAC_PATH variable that reads other directories ahead of your
home directory, this alternative should be sufficient.

Otherwise, copy or move the file om.tmac to the directory of your
choice and add

    export GROFF_TMAC_PATH="<full path to directory>"

to your .bashrc or .profile.  If you want mom available immediately, do

    source ~/.bashrc
          or
    source ~/.profile

or log out of your current shell and log back in again.

If you already have a version of mom on your system that came with
groff, you'll have to disable your old version of om.tmac.  The easiest
way is to rename your original om.tmac to om.tmac.orig.  Should you wish
to revert to the original, rename om.tmac.orig back to om.tmac and move
the newer om.tmac off the groff tmac path.

The documentation
-----------------

The html manual (in the directory /momdoc) can go anywhere you like,
although if you want others to read it, make sure it's world readable
and in a directory everyone can access.
